# ClojureBridge Minneapolis Hangout Notes

## tl;dr / Executive summary

Focus on feedback from RailsBridge events and specifically that the Installfest
is of prime importance.  Next meeting 2014-02-21 4:30pm CST

### Best and worst parts about RailsBridge

- Getting computer set up to play is a big thing™. Installfest most useful
- Saturday curriculum built confidence
- Recommends not being overambitious (using command line completely foreign)
- Organizing folks post workshop: 
  - getting folks together via mailing list
  - weekly study group
  - follow up with students afterward
  - Large gap between end of railsbridge and RubyMN

## Installation

At the Installfest dedicate someone collating documentation bugs and case
studies of bizarre computers.

When doing beginner nights at the local Clojure user group mentors and novices
tripped up on install and configuration.  May do every other meeting as a
beginner’s night in future.

## Sign ups

BridgeTroll or not? [BridgeTroll](http://www.bridgetroll.org/) was built by RailsBridge due to issues with meetup. Right now it's a bit stuck in Rails mode but some pull requests could be made to open that up. In order for that to happen an experience survey specific to the ClojureBridge curriculum would need to be put together.

## Afterparty

After party. RailsBridge buys drinks for mentors / volunteers but not students.
Sometimes at public place (organized ahead of time, usually within walking
distance.

## Wrap up

Tentative date May 17. Check for university finals and other conficts.  

Next meeting 2014-02-21 4:30pm CST


