# ClojureBridge Minneapolis Hangout Notes

## tl;dr / Executive summary

* Attendees: Anne, Laurie, Greg, Brian, Tom
* [clojure.mn](http://clojure.mn) beginner's night Wed 3/5!
* Next organizers meeting 2014-03-07 4:30pm CST (ask **tmarble** for a Google Hangout invite!)


===================

## Students

We've decided that we'd like to invite students
* of any age
* men only as a +1 (just like RailsBridge)
* newbies and software developer
* probably take signups around 5/1 for about a week (workshop is 5/16-17)

We have *not* decided
* how we are going to handle signups (Eventbrite, TrollBridge, etc.)
* what questions we will need to ask
* how to select students if we have > 30 applicants
* how to maintain a waiting list (RailsBridge SF has a rolling waiting list)
* should we "charge" students to apply (and then refund upon attendance) to discourage the "I'll sign up just in case I decide maybe I'll go" effect?

## Location: DevJam

DevJam has graciously offered to host ClojureBridge
and provide water/coffee! Since DevJam often hosts
hacking events they have plenty of tables, power strips,
a projector, etc. etc.


## Child Care

This has been a big question for the team. It turns out that
our location sponsor, DevJam -- under advice of counsel --
has declined to host child care for ClojureBridge.
This is frustrating as we want to be as welcoming as
possible and we understand (as parents) how hard
child care can be.  At the same time we are struggling
with a small group of volunteers to manage all the moving
parts required to put on this workshop. It's true, also,
that managing child care would be very complex from a
sponsorship perspective.

Therefore we will let this go for our first workshop, but
hope to find a solution in the future.


## Alcohol

After the installfest Friday and after the workshop
Saturday we'd like to offer a variety of beverages
for the students and volunteers. Having a "cocktail hour"
on site has the advantage that everyone is together
(vs. adults going to a pub -- leaving the < 21 crowd).

DevJam is willing to allow adult beverages, but
only if we are willing to sign a waiver of liability.
This is a general waiver which has, among other implications,
that we (volunteers) ensure that only those of legal
age consume adult beverages.

This brings up some questions
* Who is willing to sign this waiver?
* Who commits to "carding" people?
* ...


## Beginner's Night as pre-prep for Clojure Bridge

Brian and Greg will work on LightTable examples for 3/5.


## Sponsors

Tom has volunteered to seek sponsors.

Our current budget is *estimated* at $3500
*  500 party Friday
* 1000 lunch
*  500 party Saturday
*  100 stickers
* 1250 student gifts
*  150 contingency

## Content

Here is the current national app idea:
* https://github.com/ClojureBridge/global-growth

Of course it would be super cool to use local data, if possible from sites like
* http://opentwincities.org/

## Schedule

This is a draft of the schedule for Durham, NC ClojureBridge

### Friday
* 6:30 ­ 7:15pm Installation and (optional) easy hands­on
  * makes sure env works and sneak peak Clojure coding
* 7:15 ­ 7:45 Getting to know your classmates
  * self­introduction by attendees, TAs, Clinton, and Bridget
* 7:45 ­ 8:30 (optional) Installation and easy hands­on
  * additional time for installation

### Saturday
* 9:00 ­ 9:30am Registration and Coffee
  * grouping
  * socialising
* 9:30 ­ 9:45 Opening
  * welcome announce
  * instruction how the workshop will go
* 9:45 ­ 10:45 Workshop 1,  Intro to Clojure
  * lecture: approx. 40 mins in total
  * lab work, Q&A: approx. 20 mins in total, in each group
* 10:45 ­ 11:00 Break
* 11:00 ­ 12:00pm Workshop 2, Data structures and functions
  * lecture: approx. 40 mins in total
  * lab work, Q&A: approx. 20 mins in total, in each group
* 12:00 ­ 1:00pm Lunch and (optional) Lightning Talks
* 1:00 ­ 2:10 Workshop 3, Flow control and logic
  * lecture: approx. 45 mins in total
  * lab work, Q&A: approx. 25 mins in total, in each group
* 2:10 ­ 2:25 Break
* 2:25 ­ 3:35 Workshop 4, Making a program
  * lecture: approx. 45 mins in total
  * lab work, Q&A: approx. 25 mins in total, in each group
* 3:35 ­ 3:50 Break
* 3:50 ­ 5:00 Workshop 5, Global Growth web app
  * lecture: approx. 35 mins in total
  * lab work, Q&A: approx. 35 mins in total, in each group
* 5:00 ­ 5:30 Closing
   * Closing remarks
   * Give away
* 6:00 ­ 7:30 After Party


## Other TODO's

We need to divide and conquer!

* Solicit sponsors (Tom)
* Coordinate food/drink with caterer (Tom)
* Write announcements (Anne)
* Develop a student recruitment plan (how can we reach potential students???) (*your name here*)
  * Local tech employers
  * Local universities
  * Local women in tech groups
* Develop our local curriculum w/ local data! (*your name here*)
* Recruit mentors (up to 10) to teach at ClojureBridge (*your name here*)
  * So far: Brian, Greg, Tom, Ted?
* Figure out how we will take applications and select students (Troll Bridge?) (*your name here*)
  * Ideas from SF ClojureBridge
    https://www.dropbox.com/s/gsgm3n9jxqbla4n/Screenshot%202014-03-03%2010.43.51.png
  * Would it help you if we provided on-site childcare for Friday evening?
  * Would it help you if we provided on-site childcare during the day on Saturday?
  * Do you have any special dietary requirements?
    * Vegetarian
    * Vegan
    * Gluten-Free
    * Dairy-Free / Lactose Intolerant
    * Kosher
    * Other (please specify)
  * What made you want to attend a ClojureBridge workshop?
* Double-check the RailsBridge cookbook and national ClojureBridge efforts to see what we missed! (*your name here*)
* Determine who's ready to sign the waiver?
