# ClojureBridge Minneapolis Hangout Notes 3/28

## tl;dr / Executive summary

* New sponsor, marketing ideas, work on the tutorial
* Attendees: Anne, Greg, Brian, Tom
* Next organizers meeting 2014-04-04 4:30pm CST (ask **tmarble** for a Google Hangout invite!)

## Done/Decided

* Code42 is our latest sponsor! We now have everything funded, except for the pendant. There are
  outstanding sponsorship requests (without responses) to the companies listed below.  Who else
  could we ask?
  * Woman's Club of Minneapolis
  * Best Buy
  * Cargill
  * Wells Fargo
  * General Mills
  * 3M
  * Twitter
  * St. Jude Medical
  * Clockwork Media
* Anne convinced the group to just do a simple EventBrite signup (without fancy, hidden categories)
* Tom received ClojureBridge stickers from StickerMule!
* Brian suggested the team should try to attend as many of these upcoming events (on tech.mn) as possible to promote ClojureBridge
  * 3/31 ruby - Brian
  * 4/2 clojure.mn
  * 4/3 twin spin - Greg
  * 4/10 pymentos - Tom
  * 4/12 minnebar
  * 4/14 TC Java users group - Greg?
  * 4/15 data viz - Brian
  * 4/17 TC Robotics Meetup- Tom?
  * 4/22 open twin cities - Tom
  * 4/23 TC maker

## TODOs

Most of the TODO's are github [issues](https://github.com/clojurebridge-minneapolis/organizing/issues)

* Anne will
  * Work with DevJam on setting up EventBrite
* Brian will
  * work on the tutorial
* Greg will
  * Try an IRC client like https://pidgin.im/ or https://adium.im/ to connect to Freenode #clojure.mn
  * work on the tutorial
* Tom will
  * Document local datasets - issue #4
  * Reach out to Dion at DevJam
  * Contact University of MN groups about ClojureBridge
  * Work on getting language for the under 18 waiver
  * Try to recruit more TA's (we have 5 for sure, but could use 10)
  * Provide information about the national organizing list... Sign up here!
     * https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/clojurebridge
