# ClojureBridge Minneapolis Hangout Notes

## tl;dr / Executive summary

More background RailsBridge and fiscal sponsorship.

Next meeting 2014-02-28 4:30pm CST (ask **tmarble** for a Google Hangout invite!)

### Fiscal Sponsorship

- Donating to a non-profit 501(c)3 would help sponsors by
  ensuring their contributions are tax deductible
- *nuclearsandwich* offered to contact Bridge Foundry about
  supporting ClojureBridge
- ...but the national ClojureBridge organization prefers to
  discuss this with Bridge Foundry directly

## Timing

At one point we discussed having a Saturday and Sunday workshop, but
realized that's just too much.  An installfest on Friday and workshop
on Saturday is about right.

# Child Care

We discussed how child care is handled for RailsBridge -- in
particular how sponsors need to be flexible (as we cannot predict
how many students will request child care in advance).

## News from next week (week of 2/24)

Yes this is cheating!

Tom met with a local jeweler who prepared a quote for a
ClojureBridge pendant (as a gift instead of a T-shirt).

Tom met with a co-owner of DevJam and discussed logistics,
child care, alcohol and minors, etc.

## TODO items

We need to divide and conquer!

* Determine DevJam child care and alcohol policies (Andie @ DevJam)
* Finalize budget (based on DevJam policies) (Tom)
* Solicit sponsors (based on finalized budget) (Tom)
* Recruit mentors (up to 10) to teach at ClojureBridge (*your name here*)
* Develop our local curriculum w/ local data! (*your name here*)
* Coordinate food/drink with caterer (*your name here*)
* Figure out how we will take applications and select students (Troll Bridge?) (*your name here*)
* Develop a student recruitment plan (how can we reach potential students???) (*your name here*)
* Double-check the RailsBridge cookbook and national ClojureBridge efforts to see what we missed! (*your name here*)
